Django getting-started-tutorial - compilemessages section (#1155)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/languages/python/django/2000-01-01-start.md

display logs on `stdout` to fit the [12-factor](http://12factor.net/)
principles.

> ## Need to compile `.mo` message translation file?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compile `.mo` Message Translation File
```

> If you are using `compilemessages` command to generate `.mo` file for gettext
> translations, that command need to run before starting gunicorn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `compilemessages` command to generate `.mo` file for gettext
translations, that command needs to run before starting Gunicorn.
```

> To do that, you could write a short start script, for instance in `bin/start.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A solution would be to write a short start script (e.g. `bin/start.sh`):
```

> ```
> #!/bin/bash
> 
> python manage.py compilemessages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
#!/bin/bash

python manage.py compilemessages
```

> gunicorn core.wsgi_scalingo --log-file -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gunicorn myapp.wsgi --log-file -
```

```

Then in your `Procfile`, directly call this script:

```
web: bash bin/start.sh
```

> For more details, check the documentation about [Procfile]({% post_url platform/app/2000-01-01-procfile %}).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, check the documentation about [Procfile]({% post_url platform/app/2000-01-01-procfile %}).
```
